# Reading Assignment 27

> 1. What is a technology you’ve used before that is similar to Shared Preferences?
> - In 301, we used local storage to store these same key/value data pairs. They were first stringified for storage, and upon retrieval, they would be destringified and rendered as a JSON file.
> 2. Why is testing important? Give at least 4 reasons, and explain which is the most important to you and why.
> - Testing is important, because we as developers need to ensure the actual software works and doe snot have any defects. From a business and production standpoint, testing is cost effective. If we can figure out what is causing the errors and fix them before release, we will save money and ensure customer satisfaction. Having been in the army, security was drilled into us. So I would say, security is another reason for testing, because we develop software where our clients will potentially have to inout sensitive and personal information. That type of data should be protected. Again cost effective...against lawsuits for breach of security. I touched upon another reason earlier, customer satifaction. We develop software to sell and get paid. What good would it do to release software that hasn't been tested, get paid only to later refund the money because the software doesn't work. That opens us up to yet again, a lawsuit for false advertising. Finally, we had discussed that as new developers, we will encounter older code that we will be expected to add to. Testing what we will be adding will make it easier to make these changes and add new features. For me testing is important for security and money, because I vaue my privacy and would be highly upset if my information I trusted to the software is breached. Money, well who likes to pay fines and give refunds?! NO ONE!
> 3. Create an analogy for Tasks and the back stack. Have we used a similar system before? Explain.
> - This an absolutely mom analogy, but her goes. I think I can compare the tasks and back stack with food storage. When we go shopping, we often buy things in bulk to last for a determined amount of time. Well, when we go to store the groceries, specifically beverages, we'll open the box and start putting them into the refridgerator one behind the other. When we are placing them in there we push them to the back and place the next one in front. As we retrieve them for consumption we grab the first one, which was the last one place there...last in, first out(LIFO). Of course after writing all that, I realize that one would have to be an organization zealot. The most similar system that we have used would be the stack, because it operates in the same manner LIFO. If you need the first piece of data entered, you will have to pop the data that is stacked before it.

## Things I want to know morw about...
>The reading said the expresso is concise and predictable, but in the past testing proved to be difficult to implement. I wonder if expresso will be more of the same.